Update monitor-with-resource-health.md (#268)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/monitor-with-resource-health.md

![Unavailable](media/monitor-with-resource-health/unavailable.png)

> You can use following [commands](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/data-explorer/kusto/management/systeminfo) to understand the source of the problem by yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!TIP]
> You can use the [system information commands](kusto/management/systeminfo.md) to find the source of the problem.
```
